Docs name change for keepAlive() to maintainState (#1448)
rrousselGit/riverpod: website/docs/concepts/modifiers/auto_dispose.mdx

But if the request completed successfully, the state will be preserved
and re-entering the screen will not trigger a new request.

> Note: This is a rework of the version 1 property called `maintainState`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info
In version 1.0.x, the equivalent of `keepAlive` is the property called `maintainState`.
:::
```
